Add docs for metadata recursive endpoint (#2734)
ordinals/ord: docs/src/inscriptions/recursion.md

  inscribed as individual images, or in a shared texture atlas, and then
  combined, collage-style, in unique combinations in multiple inscriptions.

> The following other recursive endpoints return JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recursive endpoints are:
```

- `/r/blockheight`: latest block height.
- `/r/blockhash`: latest block hash.
- `/r/blockhash/<HEIGHT>`: block hash at given block height.
- `/r/blocktime`: UNIX time stamp of latest block.
- `/r/metadata/<INSCRIPTION_ID>`: returns a JSON string containing the hex-encoded CBOR metadata.

> For backwards compatibility these additional endpoints are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responses from the above recursive endpoints are JSON. For backwards compatibility additional endpoints are supported, some of which return plain-text responses.
```
